# Keywords of the day
- Verticality
- Ceiling circuit 
- Paying attention
- Exploiting ceiling
- Ceiling inaccessibility
- Ceiling as a limit (height)
- Camouflage
- Break the day routine
- Based on the time
- Ungravity
- Emergency
- Confirmation bias
- Uchronism
- Surprise from the ceiling

# Thoughts of the day
I am keeping focus on the idea of a static robots habiting the ceiling and interacting in the domestic place and with what is under it. It has to be a movement goign from the top to the bottom into the interact as an output. The input can be active or passive. 
I still have to think about a robot visible and therefore active in the input 
Or it could be a invisible/ camouflaged robot and therefore passive in the input

## Three ideas

### Idea 1. The surprise
Creating a soft robot troubling the daily routine with an installation allowing the fact that you can offer a present to someone in your space. The idea is to create a re-usable box that delivers a present mechanically as a conversation between two people living in the same place. As a box being fixed to the ceiling, you never know when the present will fall down to you. Or a fortune cookie falling


### Idea 2. The warning (Memento mori)
Create a soft robot allowing the representation of the time passing. As a user you are allowed to impact this reminder by interacting with the robot. Working as a clock of life, a roll of paper go from the ceiling to the floor. As a metaphor of the death coming this robot warn the user of the time passing with some indication during the process of time flying. Being pre-printed the paper going down indicate you the time or any memories of the past through word and images.
The user is allowed to tear off by the end of the day some of the paper and put it at a precise spot as a traces of this time.
We can see this machine as a fortune cookie distributor 
The machine work only once till the roll is done and then you change it

Could also be two rolls of paper going down at the same time
Calendar/ testament/ co-star/ fortune cookie/ story teller/ light/ confessor

Print what have been recorded the day before
Never stoppping going down since the task is not still acomplished
Could also have sound added to the robot

### Ideas 3. 

#### The guiding book
Creating a soft robot hanging from the ceiling above a library. The idea is for the robot to be on a mobile axis along the length of the library and to be able to lower elements as paper or rope to the level of the different books. This would highlight certain books that are all too often overlooked. Coming from the ceiling allow the machine to use the gravity to go down along the height of the bookshelf.
Some instructions are written on the rubber band about the book indicated.
The mobile axis along the length can be changed by the user but the going down thing is only made by the robot based on the randomization of time.

this also could be behind the bookshelf rather than in front

#### The never ending book
Creating a soft robot hidden between the books working as a endbook permitting a curation in the way the books are agenced on the bookshelf.


